Document the AuthService methods (#183)
epilande/gatsby-theme-auth0: gatsby-theme-auth0/README.md

};
```

> ### AuthService methods

Reviewer: Let's make this an `H2` instead of an `H3` and move it below the "Theme options" section

#### getIdToken()

Returns the ID token JWT containing user profile information

#### getAccessToken()

Returns the access token for the API specified by `audience`.

#### getUserProfile()

Get the user's [profile](https://auth0.com/docs/users/references/user-profile-structure).

#### checkSession()

> See [the Auth0 documentation](https://auth0.github.io/auth0.js/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renews an existing session on Auth0's servers using `response_mode=web_message`

See [the Auth0 documentation](https://auth0.github.io/auth0.js/global.html#checkSession)
```
